I have stood hundreds of
times before at this
Podium but never for a more significant
vote than the one about to take
place a historic
one we faced and continue to face
attempts to push us out of geography and
out of
history but by force forceable
displacement
subjugation or death or to say it in
even clearer terms by ethnic cleansing
aptide or
genocide against all
ODS we
survived our flag flies high and proud
in Palestine and across the globe and on
the campus of Colombia University
it
has
become a
symbol
raised by all
those who believe in
Freedom and is just
rule by all
those who can no
longer stand idly by in the face of such
utter Injustice
it is true that we will not
disappear but the lives lost cannot be
restored the m